hello people welcome here in the middle
the nature
yes, I'm on the road today
small trekkingtour has my easy
luggage and also this new
breast bag i will give you in this video
would like to introduce in more detail
I have the bag now about 2 hours
to try them out for the practical
to test use and how she sits ob
she bothers me if she is sitting comfortably
I have to say enthusiastic and yes
they look the little one, so to speak
take a closer look here
This bag will be worn with you
I help myself with such straps
easy as such a backpack to fast
in the back these straps cross each other
they are a bit twisted I can
Just turn that perfect
Sit and then be handy when I am
I would like to take off that bag
now just the externalities
the industry then get on the content
so can not speak the same
want to take off your bag or yourself
I would like to introduce something here
wide she was hanging down on it
Of course it would also work or now
Just to undress I do this here
wide open and stuck or piece is mine
but you can also go with it
Help this clip here all the whole
take off my bag quickly from the body
Put this over my head
the head and so the whole tightly stowed
the straps here on the back and then
the bag sits well outside a bag
here in the front is located
klett I have the patch here
glued on it here is also such a
So small roll system can be here
sleep by stuck or pastor kurt
dranhängen
Here is a small bag
I can open it like that
and here comes my
hiking map I have so pure
I just made that here
can stand
So I stand here now and can
read map while running
do not stop or anything else
Search my bags around but it has
here very quickly at hand
here is also again with a
click or a button here a bag
where I can put various things pure
Gets all the time in the sense of
smoker this bag absolutely optimal
do not put his zivis in it
pure lighter
I'm not a smoker, but I think
time to the other people with and that
It occurred to me that this was true for everyone
a practical matter for that
would be like non-smoker for me
said the front of the card in there me
will be here
I have the easy now I stocked
For example , here would be a survival set
clean up or today we go
hikes are on trekking with
many herbs we should find
or do i want my book in here
my herbal book , he fits perfectly pure
and we can already see, I can leg
Let's have a quick look at the book
designed that she has strings here
elastic and then the bag falls
do not teach so if I work
completely on and everything falls out of me
but everything is beautiful in here
I have a small stock could mine
cell phone reinkamera fotocamera what synonymous
I always have here now, for example
Ballpoint pen in it's little pencil
and notepads and then I'm here
nicely organized i am looking today
herbs i also write when i am
new plant may find that
leaf off or write me any
special foundations on so i use the
bag and abdi afterwards exists here
in the back we have a net
I can open net bag here
I have sharper and radiometric and
to pencil
and here are also small ones
I could loop this elastic there
flashlights poke lighters
driving style which is also interesting here
is such a plete and that's nice is
also attached here that means I can
click here
maybe a gps device or something
what I hold so in hand then the
Pocket the use of the bag will become
only with time does it turn out
it with such things if I the
But lengers wear then I realize that
It is convenient for the customer as well
purely that fits in very well and then
will take advantage of the passage of time
The bag would turn out to be as though
I take off my bag once because it looks
you can still take it off the back of
as I said I 'm just the
longer here the straps and you
The bag just over your head
down
here we see the back of the bag
is from heli context and now that comes
special with the bag that is so
a gift she is one
custom-made and back here
These belts are sewn extra
and yes, neatly avoided with thread
very special and I can do that
as breast pocket hang else would it be
probably a page as
side pocket thought or as
I do not know exactly how to do it
This bag is perfect and is a
quite a great gift so I'm happy
me very much about it
and who likes to carry the bag more often
me again such a great system or
malus system maybe not here
Such belts in any case
yes and so the whole bag then looks
again from beautifully processed up here
To open the zippers everything
done quite well so at this
make a big thank you again
the matthias the bag is great the
I like it very much, thank you people
I thank you for it
daily
I hope you have the little revier of
like this bag
if you like the bag then shows
It's up with your thumb
and if you have any suggestions
have criticism or comments specifically to
this bag then it writes
just down there
maybe you still know other pac
systems i have websites in america
seen
equipment times have there too
such bags here and I like it
in any case, good such tactical matters
because i can do the backpack fast
move out
I can go with it and have it
always such a light touch I say
when i mean that i always have
a certain amount of equipment on the body
I'm always a bit on the safe side
For this , keyword first-aid-set is used
I want all things rescue blanket
however, the rescue blanket is pure
always great if you have something in there
as shelter as heat protection and yes
Can I wear it sz on my body
it could also theoretically under the
jacket for example in urban wear
area now let's say as a spray
or now as an adjunct to the crisis
backpack is its optimal utensil
because he has something to do with me
I leave the backpack behind
still on the body this bag in the
I have my emergency kit in it for me
to secure my life my survival
yes, today it's not about survival
Here out today , it's all about enjoying
people and I still enjoy the
rest of the day
I wish you all the best we see
us in the next video again until then
bye
the advantage of this kelly is
Of course that's what the packaging says
that you feed him with all sorts of things
So I can there if he once
also burned slightly wet wood
even dump cow dung dry code
circumstance on the packing dry
Gras tap everything I have out here
find flammable material